11.1 Day 6

Topic: Environment / Climate Change 

基本款表达(模板句式): 

is crucial for human survival 
…, which ensures the efficient functioning of society
... is important to address this future need


Source: Bill Gates <HOW TO AVOID A CLIMATE DISASTER> 


Chapter 10 Why Government Policies Matter.

P181 
In 1943, a thick cloud of smoke descended on Los Angeles. It was so noxious that it made residents’ eyes sting and their noses run. Drivers couldn’t see more than three blocks down the road.

Starting in 2014, China launched several programs in response to worsening smog in urban centers and skyrocketing levels of dangerous air pollutants. The government set new targets for reducing air pollution, banned the building of new coal-fired plants near the most polluted cities. Within a few years, Beijing was reporting a 35 percent decline in certain types of pollution.


P183 

National leaders around the world will need to articulate a vision for how the global economy will make the transition to zero carbon. That vision can, in turn, guide the actions of people and businesses around the world. Government officials can write rules regarding how much carbon power plants, cars, and factories are allowed to emit. They can adopt regulations that shape financial markets and clarify the risks of climate change to the private and public sectors. They can be the main investors in scientific research, and write the rules that determine how quickly new products can get to market. 

Many of these decisions are made at the national level, but state and local governments have a big role too. In many countries, subnational governments regulate electricity markets and set standards for energy use in buildings. They plan massive construction projects - dams, transit systems, bridges, and roads -- and choose where these projects will be built and with what materials. They buy police cars and fire engines, school lunches, and lightbulbs. At each step, someone will have to decide whether to go with the green alternatives. 

P189 
拓展: 三元关系 Work on Technology, Policy, and Markets at the Same Time.

Markets, technology, and policy are like three levers that we need to pull in order to wean ourselves from fossil fuels. We need to pull all three of them at the same time and in the same direction. 

Simply adopting a policy 1 -- say, a zero-emissions standard for cars -- won’t do much good if you don’t have the technology to eliminate emissions or if there aren’t any companies willing to manufacture and sell cars that meet the standard. On the other hand, having a low-emissions technology -- say, a device that captures carbon from a coal plant’s exhaust -- won’t do much good if you don’t create the financial incentive for power companies to install it. And few companies will make a bet on inventing zero-emissions technology if their competitors can undersell them with fossil-fuel products. 

P198 Chapter 11 A Plan for Getting to Zero 
拓展: innovation

It’s a mistake to think of innovation only in the strict, technological sense. Innovation is not just a matter of inventing a new machine or some new process; it’s also coming up with new approaches to business models, supply chains, markets, and policies that will help new inventions come to life and reach a global scale. Innovation is both new devices and new ways of doing things. 

Chapter 12 What Each of Us Can Do

P226 
I’m an optimist because I know what technology can accomplish and because I know what people can accomplish. If we keep our eye on the big goal   -- getting to zero -- and we make serious plans to achieve that goal, we can avoid a disaster. We can keep the climate bearable for everyone and preserve the planet for generations to come.


